all right here we go everyone's been
waiting for I'm sure you've seen this in
beginning the total the bluefin belly
right this
best part of the animal and a lot of it
goes to Japan so when you get a chance
to try it
Toto try it right you're probably gonna
pay fifteen and twenty dollars for two
pieces of fish that's amazing right
the skins still on right the bellies
over here right I'm going to take both
of those off here
break it down here right then use most
people most of it here in tax right it's
nice a lot of strokes here right here
that right and then right down the skin
close to the skin as possible here I'll
just scrape a little bit off there
doesn't have too many tendons in it
right with this you want to cut it on a
diagonal right with the line so the
lines here with the blends of your knife
right this is with the grain right we're
gonna take it over we're gonna go this
way
against the grain X right you gotta make
on the right side and eggs also okay so
you know you're kind of right right so
we'll do a little bit New Guinea here
and I'll do the rest lucky me
just to show you the angle of the cuts
with the tuna right thank you that nice
color yeah this is like this is true
butter here
this is what you can have all day long a
lot of oil content in this this amazing
stuff right you learn appreciate this
one take your time when you order this
in the sushi bars this is the filet
mignon with the amore you're right leave
that right there
we're gonna take this side again like I
said straight down right felt like a
half inch cuts nice long strokes right
so all the way down all the way down
this is what you want this is you know I
put any spicy on this very little wasabi
very little soy sauce that is Himalayan
rock salt now you can get put this right
on top of the rock salt it's amazing you
might have one right here
how's that
rock salt right there take it if you
like three pieces here right on top
right
England like that
like that and what this does leave one
right here in the middle but it does it
tolls enough salt from it whether it's
on there for 10 seconds or for 10
minutes and you get the salty flavor
from this from the rock salt no soy
sauce needed very intense very good very
different
the rest will make a little mini with a
couple here with me giddy
I'll show you what else we can do with
it it's like the first one not too much
you really want this lefty me but just
to show you
I'll tuna would look and we're how Toro
would look New Guinea style sushi style
right
look at all that oil on right see right
there and we could take here a little
slushy me a little everyone's probably
seen this at the thought of the sushi
bars take it I'm gonna make a little
flour right put that piece up a little
bit
hello
one leaf tree leaves
that lets go all the way around
so it looks like a little flower there
petals especially with the
further the two that
believes
that
report some of that oil on there
look at that little put it right on top
we have sashimi there little piece in
eet and then your rock salt
see the oil that has come out of that
right there too
enjoy total bluefin tuna belly the best
you can get try it once and see if you
like it very intense very good very
fresh enjoy